Add justification for trove classifier based CUDA version check (#220)
thoth-station/thoth-station.github.io: _j/trove_cuda.md

---
title: No CUDA specific trove classifier matching CUDA version used
---

> Package maintainer did not state CUDA version used as a compatible version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CUDA version used is not listed as a compatible version for this package by the package maintainer.
```

Author: Thanks, applied 👍🏻
